@c Lilypond Harmony Rules tests harmony rules of Lilypond scores.
@c Copyright (C) 2021  Stéphane SOPPERA
@c 
@c This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
@c it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
@c the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
@c (at your option) any later version.
@c 
@c This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
@c but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
@c MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
@c GNU General Public License for more details.
@c 
@c You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
@c along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

\input texinfo

@c (texinfo) First Node

@c %**start of header
@setfilename harmony-rules.info
@settitle Harmony Rules
@c %**end of header

@copying
Lilypond Harmony Rules.

Copyright @copyright{} 2021 Stéphane SOPPERA.
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Harmony Rules

@c Start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the TOC.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Harmony Rules

Harmony Rules Lilypond plugin.
@end ifnottex

Additional general information.

@menu
* API Reference:: Reference of API

Indices
* Concept Index::         Concept Index
* Procedure Index:: Procedure Index
* Type Index:: Type Index

@detailmenu
--- The Detailed Node Listing ---

API Reference

* Music Functions::
* Procedures::
* Generic Functions::
* Classes::
@end detailmenu
@end menu

@node API Reference
@chapter API Reference

@cindex API reference
@cindex scheme API

@macro defgoopmethod{name, args, types}
@ --- Method: \name\ \args\
@fnindex \name\ \types\
@indentedblock 
@end macro

@macro enddefgoopmethod
@end indentedblock
@end macro
